hi any support our lives and this is
scratch card Sunday number 120 whoo
so this week we have gone for 210 pound
ones and we've got a five-pound one and
we have two sapphire sevens and 250,000
home cash
okay so I've done a bit more than usual
let's have a little play and see whether
we can give millions of pounds into my
bank account you're going now to to 200
Nate nothing on that one either oh dear
oh dear oh dear I feel I feel winner
winner chicken dinner
yes be 10-pound come on
200 220 20 100 100 well I said 10 pound
they some room for one of those the town
young because I don't get nothing on
them okay we're looking for numbers 16
18 22 2 and 2926 12 25 28 18 when our
winner chicken dinner
five-pound number two yes come on
number five pound
number nine nine eleven night 20
no 24 name and any free 21 22 4 and 15
that's right I know another 10 or 9 ok
20 come back so far and here comes the
Big Daddy's nope no no no no good start
for that thank you I've got 22 14 in
1928 surprise prize spec m-pam sewing
bag k1 it popped Dimond bottle plane car
moving down the bottom no and no okay so
nothing on that here we go
last him home one no name
nope
1:8 and car
whoa
we now when our chicken the dinner see
we got anything else first
now I can see what is already anyone
forsaken you
ten nope and no Wow ten pound ten pound
and ten pound and ten pound for pound
back what I spend thirty free ten thirty
three pound free pound loss
I'm happy you're back thanks for
watching please like the video and if
you're not already subscribe buttons
down there
subscribe to see scratch bar Sunday
every Sunday